A new study on asymptomatic transmission of COVID not only proves it doesn’t happen it proves the panic promoted by the political class was meant to control the populations. The study, published in the November issue of the peer-reviewed scientific journal Nature Communications, studied 9,899,828 residents of Wuhan, screening them between May 14, 2020 and June 1, 2020. The results provided clear evidence as to the possibility of any asymptomatic transmission of the virus. The study was compiled by 19 scientists from the Huazhong University of Science & Technology in Wuhan, and highly respected scientific institutions in the UK and Australia. Out of the nearly 10 million people in the study, results revealed “300 asymptomatic cases” were found. Utilizing contact tracing, of those 300, not a single case of COVID-19 were detected in any of them.Both the asymptomatic patients and their contacts were placed in isolation for a period of no less than two weeks and the results remained the same. “None of detected positive cases or their close contacts became symptomatic or newly confirmed with COVID-19 during the isolation period,” the study found. “A total of 1,174 close contacts of the asymptomatic positive cases were traced, and they all tested negative for the COVID-19,” the study concluded. Titled Post-lockdown SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid screening in nearly 10 million residents of Wuhan, China, the study thoroughly debunked the concept of asymptomatic transmission. In complete contradiction to the popular narrative used by Democrat politicians and governors across the United States, a new study of 10 million people in Wuhan, China – ground zero for the COVID virus, showed that asymptomatic spread of COVID does not occur, nullifying all reasoning for business closures and lockdowns.

The government is a liar. Always. Corona is a hoax of the NWO to abuse and destroy human rights and turn reality into a global concentration camp mindcontrol prison. They use technology to make people weak, but these are nano implanted waves for mindcontrol and some people will die from all this. When I read the Wuhan study in Feb 2020 I was mortified by the monkey kidney & foetal cell-lines which were used as a “culture” before rt-PCR amplification. Isolation was never satisfactory at any stage thereafter.
I honestly felt sick. The genome sequence was computed from this. I set about proving that the vaccine has been created from a computer generated genomic sequence & not one isolated from an infected person, either in Wuhan or anywhere else in the world since.

We went from "wash your hands; don't touch your face" to "if you don't take the vaccine, you will lose your job and won't be able to travel" in less than a year. That's what happens when millions of people blindly follow State propaganda. So, the rushed through Big Pharma “solution” of a vaccine for the CONvid-1984 was rolled out this past week, and while many are praising it, there are still those in the medical community that have serious concerns about these vaccines from different pharmaceutical companies who are protected under color of law against any “adverse effects” that might occur to those who receive them. Most people are externally driven and turned into zombies. The global virus project serves to equip people with nanobots and many will not cope with these nanobots and die and the official excuse for this is a virus pandemic. Most people on this planet are technologically regulated by the military at this time and the excuse for this is demonic possession. There are no longer any real people on this planet. Even if you don't believe a word, everyone can observe for themselves that all the people around you have either behaved crazy or spy on people and then act against you in the group. It is also the case that the only people who get ahead in life are people who serve evil. People who serve good will either have accidents or be attacked by the group or the hive mind. The life forms that have engineered all of this are far too strange to be categorized as aliens or demons, because they have no biological evolution behind them on a planet. So these aren't aliens. Covid19 is an AI induced virus, which is projected into your "GEB" (Genetic Energy Bridge). In about 80 years, scientits will work with the Genetic Energy Bridge to produce a synthetic and cybernetic human society. Covid19 is the first step towards an illuminati timeline setup. Most people will not survive, only those with a very fast metabolism will survive the coming Covid19 mass extinctions.

The vaccine is not what you think it is. Do not accept to be in this terrible, transhumanist experiment. There is no data that says the benefits outweigh the risks. As technology and medicine intertwine, humans will shift towards cyborg hybrids by the year 2030. Traces of HIV and malaria have been found in the genome of Coronavirus, and it is highly suspected that the characteristics of the virus could not have arisen naturally.

Death is order, because life is chaos, so death needs less or no control, while life needs a lot of control, to satisfy the principle of order. Death is actually not possible, but leaving the body is the only chance to get free from the massive insanity that humans have inside of them and this massive insanity of humans comes from the body-soul matrix. An agreement by various alien research groups was the reason why humans were created artificially so humans were embedded in a simulated world as a by-product.

Should you dare to speak about any of this online, you will be declared insane and paranoid. Man can only see about 1% of the total nature that surrounds him and therefore man cannot develop any knowledge at all to understand the nature around him. Naive people enjoy lies because the world is easy through the awareness of illusions and lies.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Dr Thomas Cowan: ‘The shocking thing … is that using their own methods, the virologists found that solutions containing SARS-CoV-2 — even in high amounts — were NOT, I repeat NOT, infective to any of the three human tissue cultures they tested. In plain English, this means they proved, on their terms, that this “new coronavirus” is not infectious to human beings. It is ONLY infective to monkey kidney cells, and only then when you add two potent drugs (gentamicin and amphotericin), known to be toxic to kidneys, to the mix.’

This week, my colleague and friend Sally Fallon Morell brought to my attention an amazing article put out by the CDC. The purpose of the article was for a group of about 20 virologists to describe the state of the science of the isolation, purification and biological characteristics of the new SARS-CoV-2 virus, and to share this information with other scientists for their own research. A thorough and careful reading of this important paper reveals some shocking findings.

First, in the section titled “Whole Genome Sequencing,” we find that rather than having isolated the virus and sequencing the genome from end to end, they found 37 base pairs from unpurified samples using PCR probes This means they actually looked at 37 out of the approximately 30,000 of the base pairs that are claimed to be the genome of the intact virus. They then took these 37 segments and put them into a computer program, which filled in the rest of the base pairs.

To me, this computer-generation step constitutes scientific fraud. Here is an equivalency: A group of researchers claim to have found a unicorn because they found a piece of a hoof, a hair from a tail, and a snippet of a horn. They then add that information into a computer and program it to re-create the unicorn, and they then claim this computer re-creation is the real unicorn. Of course, they had never actually seen a unicorn so could not possibly have examined its genetic makeup to compare their samples with the actual unicorn’s hair, hooves and horn.

Boris Johnson today confirmed that tougher coronavirus lockdown is coming amid hints the whole of England will be under Tier 4 within days – and enforcement could be hardened.  

The PM put Britons on notice that stronger restrictions will be needed for months, despite the optimism sparked by the first Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine doses being administered.

Speaking during a visit to Chase Farm Hospital in north London, Mr Johnson warned of ‘tough tough’ weeks to come.

He added: ‘If you look at the numbers there’s no question we will have to take tougher measures and we will be announcing those in due course. 

Earlier Mr Hancock responded to demands from Labour and scientists for a national lockdown by saying all options are on the table. But he suggested the first step will be to escalate even more of the country into the harshest restrictions, saying Tier 3 did not seem able to hold back the more infectious version of the deadly disease.

He insisted the problem was partly down to people failing to obey the rules, amid calls from some MPs for police to be given more powers. 

Meanwhile, parents are facing chaos as many primary schools defy the government’s orders to return after the Christmas holidays – with speculation that ministers will be forced into another humiliating U-turn. 

SAGE has cautioned that it is probably impossible to control the new coronavirus variant while they remain open – although experts a total shutdown still might not be enough to bring the ‘R’ reproduction rate below one. 

Nicola Sturgeon is expected to announce a fresh crackdown in the Scottish Parliament this afternoon, with speculation that schools north of the border will stay closed until mid-February.   

Asked in a round of interviews about the prospect of a national lockdown, Mr Hancock said: ‘We don’t rule anything out, and we’ve shown repeatedly that we will look at the public health advice and we will take the public health advice in terms of what is needed to control the spread of the disease.’

Pressed whether changes could be announced over the next 24 hours, he replied: ‘We have shown we are ready to move incredibly quickly… We look at the data on a daily basis.’ 

Mr Hancock said the ‘old tier system is no longer strong enough’ because the new variant is ‘much easier to catch, it is much more transmissible, and we’re now seeing the effect of that in lots of different parts of the country’.

Challenged on Sky News over whether Tier 4 restrictions work, Mr Hancock said: ‘It is down to people’s behaviour, frankly. What matters is, yes of course, the rules that we put in place, but it is also about how people act.

‘And frankly what I would say is this: it is critical that everybody in the country does all that they can to reduce the spread of the virus.’ 

Hundreds of thousands of non-essential retailers will have to keep their doors closed under England’s third nation-wide lockdown – but a row is emerging this morning over the government’s classification of what businesses count as essential. 

The government’s decision to let garden centres remain open while other retailers close has angered some bosses and shop workers. 

Hotels must also close during this lockdown and guests must leave unless they are permanently resident at the premises or are unable to return home. Boris Johnson last night told Britons that they would only be allowed to leave the house for permitted reasons – including ‘to shop for essentials’.

And the government last night  released guidance explaining which businesses are ‘essential’ after many stores controversially remained open during the November Tier 3 lockdown. 

Essential retail includes food shops, supermarkets, pharmacies, garden centres, building merchants and suppliers of building products and off-licences, the Government’s official website states.

The less-obvious retailers allowed to trade in person include dry cleaners, outdoor botanical gardens and cattle or farm equipment auctions – while every other kind of auction must shut. 

Boris Johnson has announced a new national lockdown for England – with people instructed to “stay at home” as they did during last March’s first shutdown.

The prime minister revealed the action in an eight-minute TV address on Monday night, after being told that COVID-19 cases are rising rapidly in every part of the country due to the new coronavirus variant.

The public are being asked to follow the new rules, which have now replaced England’s tiers system, immediately.

It is expected the new lockdown in England – the third time a national shutdown has been introduced – will last until the middle of February.

Mr Johnson expressed his hope that, at this point, nearly 14 million people will have all been offered the first dose of a vaccine.

The New Hampshire Commission to Study the Environmental and Health Effects of Evolving 5G Technology heard from 13 experts in epidemiology, occupational health, toxicology, physics and engineering, plus one wireless industry expert. All except the industry rep agreed RF radiation coming from wireless devices affects humans, animals, insects and plants

Story at-a-glance:

    Newest data from the New Hampshire legislative commission confirms wireless technology produces significant negative effects on humans, animals, insects and plants.
    In the race for hyper-fast internet speed and connectivity, experts are making comparisons between the release of 5G and the lies told by the tobacco and oil industries.
    The structure required to support 5G will place cell antenna ports close to your home and workplace, making it nearly impossible to avoid and raising your risk of excessive oxidative stress that may lead to anxiety, depression and Alzheimer’s.
    It is important to get involved in helping to prevent implementation of 5G by contacting your local lawmakers and signing local petitions. Consider taking steps in your home to reduce exposure.

Flying under the radar, so to speak, during the media coverage of the COVID-19 pandemic, is the rollout of a hyper-fast speed 5G wireless network. As millions of Americans are suddenly working remotely, it has proven to be a powerful opportunity for regulators to move 5G forward.

Yet, in the face of expanding wireless connections, a landmark study recommends reducing exposure.

Despite concern by many experts, the implementation is moving forward under the guise of bringing a faster and more efficient internet, at any cost. The term 5G stands for the fifth generation of wireless access, which Jonathon Adelstein, head of the Wireless Infrastructure Association, characterizes as “4G on steroids.” The association represents nearly 200 companies in the telecommunications industry.

If you’re concerned about your privacy, it was reported last year that U.S. government tracking software had been installed in hundreds of mobile apps.

Of course, businesses have always been very interested in customers’ personal habits too.

A 2018 article provides more details about how software apps collect user data often without their knowledge or consent.

My lounge room is bugged. My phone is broadcasting an ultrasonic signal to my blu-ray player via an acoustic side channel beyond human hearing.

The channel networks the two devices, similar to how a dial-up connection used to get our computers online before the days of the NBN. The same technology is behind Google’s Nearby API through their Eddystone protocol, and is the basis of products sold by the startup Lisnr. It’s also the reason more and more apps are requesting access permissions to your microphone.

Aside from networking, companies use ultrasonic signals (or beacons) to gather information about users. That could include monitoring television viewing and web browsing habits, tracking users across multiple devices, or determining a shopper’s precise location within a store.

They use this information to send alerts that are relevant to your surroundings – such as a welcome message when you enter a museum or letting you know about a sale when you pass by a particular store.

But since this technology records sound – even if temporarily – it could constitute a breach of privacy. An analysis of various Australian regulations covering listening devices and surveillance reveals a legal grey area in relation to ultrasonic beacons.